README.md, before:

# PDFTextExtractor

**PDFTextExtractor** is a straightforward DotNet console application designed to extract text from multiple PDF files. It was initially developed by **Niall Moran** in 2020 and has been edited by **Marton Lyra** in 2023.


To utilize the app, run it in the folder where your PDF files are located. Alternatively, you can specify the input folder path as a parameter.


- Here are the available parameters:

  - **/i:\<input PDFs folder path>**: Specifies the folder path where the PDF files are stored.

  - **/o:\<output TXTs folder path>**: Specifies the folder path where the extracted TXT files should be saved (default same as input PDF folder).

  - **/r:false or /r:true**: Determines whether the application should recursively search for PDFs within subfolders. (default /r:false)

  - **/o:false or /o:true**: Controls whether the output text file should be overwritten if it already exists. (default /o:false)
    
  - **/soe:false or /soe:true**: Stop on Exceptions - Dictates whether the application should stop when encountering an error. If set to false, it will attempt to ignore any exceptions and continue searching for other PDF files. (detault /soe:true)

  - **/poe:false or /soe:true**: Pause on Exceptions - Dictates whether the application should ask for 'enter' key when encountering an error, before continuing. (detault /soe:true)



The application uses [TikaOnDotnet.TextExtractor](https://www.nuget.org/packages/TikaOnDotNet.TextExtractor/) to extract text from the PDF files and creates text files, with the same name, containing the content.

Commit message:

New Feature: Save Console log save to file

README.md, after:

# PDFTextExtractor

**PDFTextExtractor** is a straightforward DotNet console application designed to extract text from multiple PDF files. It was initially developed by **Niall Moran** in 2020 and has been edited by **Marton Lyra** in 2023.


To utilize the app, run it in the folder where your PDF files are located. Alternatively, you can specify the input folder path as a parameter.


- Here are the available parameters:

  - **/i:\<input PDFs folder path>**: Specifies the folder path where the PDF files are stored.

  - **/o:\<output TXTs folder path>**: Specifies the folder path where the extracted TXT files should be saved (default same as input PDF folder).

  - **/r:false or /r:true**: Determines whether the application should recursively search for PDFs within subfolders. (default /r:false)

  - **/w:false or /w:true**: Controls whether the output text file should be overwritten if it already exists. (default /o:false)
  
  - **/l:false or /l:true** : Log console to file in output folder (default /l:true)

  - **/soe:false or /soe:true**: Stop on Exceptions - Dictates whether the application should stop when encountering an error. If set to false, it will attempt to ignore any exceptions and continue searching for other PDF files. (detault /soe:true)

  - **/poe:false or /soe:true**: Pause on Exceptions - Dictates whether the application should ask for 'enter' key when encountering an error, before continuing. (detault /soe:true)



The application uses [TikaOnDotnet.TextExtractor](https://www.nuget.org/packages/TikaOnDotNet.TextExtractor/) to extract text from the PDF files and creates text files, with the same name, containing the content.
